iso639-3,english,zerotohero
afr,Engels,Nul tot held
ara,الإنجليزية,من الصفر الى البطل
ell,Αγγλικά,Μηδέν στον Ήρωα
fin,Englanti,nolla sankarille
fra,Anglais,Zéro à héro
gle,Béarla,nialas go laoch
hin,अंग्रेज़ी,जीरो से हीरो
hrv,Engleski,nula heroju
hun,Angol,nulla hősnek
ita,Inglese,zero all'eroe
jpn,英語,ゼロからヒーロー
lat,Anglicus,nulla heros est
nld,Engels,Nul naar Held
pol,Angielski,zero do bohatera
por,Inglês,zero para o herói
ron,Engleză,zero la erou
rus,Aнглийский,ноль герою
spa,Inglés,Cero al héroe
srp,Енглеска,нула хероју
swa,Kiingereza,sifuri kwa shujaa
swe,Engelska,noll till hjälten
tur,ingilizce,sıfırdan zirveye
zho,英语,英雄